Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[instrumental music]
[engine revving]
[cell phone ringing]
-Hello?
-[Kayla] Wren. where are you?
Are you here yet?
Yeah. I'm. uh.
I'm a couple hours away.
You know it's a long drive.
-How are you holding up?
-[Kayla] I'm at Rachel's.
I couldn't listen to them
fight anymore.
Okay. um.
just crash there tonight
and I'll come get you
in the morning. Okay?
[Kayla] Okay. Do you remember
where she lives?
I've only been gone a year.
[Kayla] Yeah.
Just hurry up. okay?
We all need you here.
Especially mom.
Okay. Hold tight.
I'll be there soon.
[music continues]
[engine revving]
[water running]
[Julie sobbing]
[suspenseful music]
[car door opens]
[sobbing continues]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[intense music]
[Mia] Have you no sense
of decency?
-Excuse me?
-Soliciting at this hour.
Oh. this is my house.
Ah. You must be the daughter
who never visits.
And who are you?
I'm Mia. I'm a friend
of your mother's.
Oh. she never mentioned you.
Well. when was the
last time you two spoke?
Hello?
[door creaks shut]
[key clanks]
I'm home.
Dad?
[knock on door]
[door opens]
Brody.
[mellow music]
[Wren] Is anyone home?
Mom?
Mom!
It's okay. Mom.
Help! Help!
[Wren crying]
No!
[crying]
She's gone. dad.
[Paul] I'll be right there.
You must be Wren.
-[Ridley] Sorry about your loss.
-I am.
Sorry. who called the police?
Hmm. standard protocol.
Was she in the tub
when you arrived?
A home can be
a deadly place.
-Excuse me?
-The house.
Did you know that
statistically.
53.4 percent of people die
in their own home?
What time did you find her?
Um. like. I got home
about an hour ago.
Hmm.
Been a while since
you've been in town. no?
I don't see why that's relevant.
Odd timing.
What's that?
I mean. you come back
to the town
after being away
for a long while.
And your adopted mother dies.
What a terrible coincidence.
What are you trying
to say to me?
-[door opens]
-My mom just died...
Wren!
Oh!
I'm sorry I wasn't here.
Oliver and I. we were out with a
client when I got your call.
Oh. my poor girl.
[mellow music]
Uh. hello. Steve.
Hey. I'm so sorry
for your loss. Paul.
Hmm... I-I don't...
[crying] I don't know what
I'll do without her...
[indistinct radio chatter]
I'm so glad you're here.
But why are you here?
-Kayla asked me to--
-Kayla!
Oh. Kayla. Where is she?
She's at Rachel's. I told her
I'd pick her up in the morning.
Thank goodness.
Let's give her one more good
night's sleep before we--
If only.
if I had just been here.
I-I could've done something.
It's not your fault.
What's going on?
Why are there cops outside?
-Wren?
-Mom. huh...
Had an accident...
She's gone. Brody.
What?
What are you talking about?
[crying]
What happened?
Dad? What happened?
You heard her! She's dead. son.
She's dead.
[mellow music]
[music continues]
No sleep either. huh?
Nope.
I'm gonna go get Kayla.
I'll get her.
I told her I was picking her up.
As her real brother. I think--
You know we don't say that.
As her biological brother.
I should be the one to tell her.
She's still my sister.
I've been taking care of her...
since you left.
I know.
You've been amazing.
So. let me get this.
[mellow music]
[suspenseful music]
[Kayla] Wren! You're home!
Look at you!
Hmm. got so strong.
Yup. I can even
pin down Brody now!
I'm proud of you.
Not that accountants are known
for their strength.
So. what are we doing today?
I was thinking we could
go to the park.
Kayla. there's. um. something
I have to tell you.
What?
[door opens]
-Oliver?
-Hi.
[chuckles] I know
it's been a while...
but I had to come see you.
I'm sorry about your mom.
You know how much I loved her.
Thank you so much.
I could come back later
if this is a bad time.
It's fine. Really.
Mind if I come in?
I thought I heard your voice.
Paul...
I'm so sorry for your loss.
-Thank you for coming.
-Of course.
You know how much this
family means to me.
I-I'm just gonna go
put these in some water.
Ah! I'll do it.
You two have a lot
of catching up to do.
So...
how's your little
art therapy thing going?
It's really good. actually.
And what about you?
You still working for my dad?
Of course. Yeah.
I'm-I'm his right hand man.
I'm glad things didn't get
weird for you
still working for my family.
Did you. uh. want a coffee?
Or. uh...
You won't find any here.
Julie switched her and your dad
over to green tea
a couple months ago.
Oh.
Do you want to go grab one?
They need me here.
-Hmm.
-Oliver!
Hey. kiddo.
-You up for a coffee run?
-Yes. please. Can we go. Wren?
[Kayla] It would be nice
to get out of here for a bit.
I guess that decides it.
[indistinct chatter]
[Gina] You guys go ahead.
I'll catch up.
Wren?
Gina!
I haven't seen you in so long!
Not since your wedding day.
Oh. shoots!
Sorry. I didn't...
-No. it's okay.
-Are you two back together?
No! No. we're...
He was just so close
to my family. so...
Right.
I'm so sorry.
I heard about Julie.
News travels fast around here.
Um. I've been actually
working with her
for the last few months.
I didn't know that.
Just helping with some admin
stuff at the store.
You've always been good at
helping people get organized.
[laughs]
I actually have
something to give you.
If maybe you can stop by
the store sometime this week?
Of course.
Okay. Great. It'll give us
a chance to catch up.
I'd like that.
-See you soon.
-See ya.
[mellow music]
-Goodnight. Oliver.
-Night. Kay.
Hey. uh. thank you so much for
getting us out of here today.
We both needed it.
You always prefer a
distraction when you're upset.
I haven't forgotten.
Oliver...
about everything that
happened last year.
Hey. No need to do this now.
You've got enough on your plate
without having to worry
about that too.
Thank you.
Everything's forgiven. okay?
Thank you. Oliver.
[mellow music]
I. I needed that.
Me. too. [chuckles]
Talk soon.
[intense music]
[indistinct TV chatter]
-Extra butter?
-Of course.
Thank you.
I'm so glad you're here.
Things have been...
hard recently.
Fighting?
I don't remember them fighting.
Yeah. well. they do now.
Or they did.
[indistinct TV chatter]
Here.
It's okay.
[suspenseful music]
[distant siren wailing]
[intense music]
[Paul sobbing]
[Paul] I'm so sorry.
I didn't mean...
[sobs]
Please forgive me.
-[thud]
-Oh. shoot.
What are you doing?
I was just going
to the bathroom.
How long have
you been standing there?
How long?
What did you hear?
Nothing.
[Brody]
Time to go to bed. dad.
I don't need you of all people
tell-telling me what to do.
Come on.
I'll take you upstairs.
Goodnight. Wren.
I'm done for the night.
I've never seen him...
like that.
He's been drinking more lately.
How long's that been going on?
Since you left.
[sighs] He'll-he'll be fine
in the morning.
Thank you.... for everything.
[door closes]
[telephone rings]
[sighs]
Hey.
Were you at dinner with him?
Ah... with. with who?
My Dad. Last night.
[chuckles]
Oh. yeah. Why do you ask?
He's just been acting...
strange.
Well... [laughs]
Isn't this your field? Isn't
that what trauma does to people?
You're right.
Goodnight. Oliver.
Sweet dreams.
[mellow music]
Morning.
Smells good.
Gluten-free protein pancakes.
What? No more sugary cereal?
She's been performing
better since we started her
on a high protein diet.
Well done.
How did you sleep?
Bad. I kept having nightmares.
It would be unusual
if you didn't. Kay.
And it's okay for your psyche
to vent short term in that way.
It's just your brain
trying to find order.
I actually have an exercise that
might really help with that.
She's been through enough
with out having to relive it.
Well. that's not what it's
about. It'll be good for her.
You don't know what's good
for her. Not anymore.
Hello! I'm sitting right here.
Kayla. why don't you
go upstairs?
I'm not a kid anymore.
I can handle whatever
you're gonna say.
Fine.
She's can't handle it.
Not right now.
Believe me.
I know what's best for her.
-So do I.
-Not anymore.
I know what's best for me.
-Kayla--
-I do. Brody.
Well. I guess I'm just
the pancake chef then.
Thank you. chef.
I'm actually gonna
head out for a bit.
let's do that exercise
little later.
[dramatic music]
No!
[knock on door]
-Hey.
I. uh. wanted to return this
and-and bring you
a thank you coffee.
But. uh. the cardigan drank it.
[scoffs]
I'm so sorry. Oliver.
I-I-I could have cleaned up
if I knew you were coming.
Let me fix this. I know how
much you love this sweater.
[water running]
I see you haven't done
much redecorating.
You-you got great taste.
Is the stain remover still
on the ensuite sink?
Um. hey. hey. hey...
Let's. uh. let's not worry
about it. Okay?
-I'll wash it later.
-It'll stain.
How about...
How about I make you
a coffee. Huh?
I won't even spill it.
[suspenseful music]
[laughs]
It's been fun.
Yeah.
Hey. We should grab a bite.
While you're in town.
We could talk. Figure out
where things went wrong.
I should... get back to Kayla.
Thank you for the coffee.
Wren.
Thank you for...
still being there for me.
even though I wasn't there
for you.
[music continues]
So art therapy
doesn't just let you
express yourself
and your feelings.
It helps you uncover parts
of yourself
that even you
didn't know existed.
Like whatever's hiding
in my nightmares.
We're going to start with
something more positive today.
So you're going
to draw the place
where you feel
the safest in the world.
I'm coming up blank.
Where's yours?
[Wren] Her bedroom
stayed with me.
Your safe space is so close by.
Yeah.
I haven't been inside
since I was a kid.
Since she died.
Is it weird with it
being right there?
It's probably part of why
I ran away from here.
What did she die of?
Mom and dad said
there was an accident at home.
What kind of accident?
I don't know.
[Kayla] Really?
Yeah. I-I didn't know
how to ask.
And I didn't wanna give
the impression that I wasn't
happy with the life
they gave me by adopting me.
That's the same reason
Brody never asks
them about our birth parents.
What about you?
You talked to them about it?
Of course I do.
It would kill me not to know!
So. what are you going to draw?
I'm gonna draw you.
You're my safe space.
[instrumental music]
-Hey. you.
-Hi.
Did you stop by
mom's shop today?
No.
[Paul] Why?
You weren't at the store.
Um...
[scoffs]
I was at the office all day.
Then I-I went to the
funeral home.
I'm glad to see that you're
spending time with Oliver again.
I'd like to go to the funeral
home to see mom tomorrow.
I wanna say goodbye.
Oh. Wren. uh...
I'm-I'm-I'm so sorry.
We. we had her cremated
this afternoon.
What?
[Paul] The medical examiner
declared
her death accidental
th-this morning.
I needed to put her to rest.
Without even telling me?
This is what she wanted.
She was my mother!
Wren...
Look. I'm-I'm sorry.
[grunting]
[breathing heavily]
[intense music]
[pencil scratching]
[music continues]
[suspenseful music]
Dad?
[music continues]
[intense music]
I think Wren is
going to be a problem.
[bell chimes]
[door closes]
[instrumental music]
Oh! Hey. Wren!
Hey! Did I just see
my next door neighbor?
Mia? Yeah. she just left.
She needed some files.
-Files?
-She's co-owner.
Ju-Julie brought her on
about six months ago.
No one told me that.
-Tea?
-Sure.
Yeah. Julie brought me
in to help out
and bring some order
to the chaos.
Chaos?
I don't think Mia is the
best business person.
Then why'd my mom bring her in?
She must've had her reasons.
Oh. before I forget.
first order of business...
These are for you.
Julie said should anything
ever happen.
to give the keys only you.
She owns the building.
you know.
She wanted you
to have this place.
Doesn't Mia have keys?
Your mom asked her to hand hers'
over a few weeks ago.
Really?
I actually wanted to mention
something to you.
A few days before the accident.
Julie said something strange.
She told me she found out
Mia had stole from her.
But she didn't mentioned what.
So anything missing
from the shop?
Not that I could find.
Do you have
a bookkeeping records?
Of course.
It's in the office.
I'll have Brody look these over.
Oh. second order of business.
Are you gonna tell me
what happened with Oliver
that day or not?
I'll tell you.
but I'm gonna need something
stronger than tea.
Hmm. I have just the thing.
[Gina] The whole town
was so shocked
when you left Oliver
at the altar.
My family included.
So why'd you do it?
Ever since Julie and Paul
adopted me. I...
sort of felt like I was
living someone else's life.
I was the daughter
they could never have.
but I was already
someone else's daughter.
Looks like a lot of pressure.
Julie and Paul
are the ones who set me up
with Oliver in the first place.
[scoffs]
I didn't know that.
Yeah. He was an up-and-coming
architect at the firm.
They. they thought the
company would stay
in the family
when we got married.
The arrangement was perfect.
For them.
So they pushed you into it?
No. I wouldn't say that either.
I really did love him.
But something didn't
feel right between us.
So you hanging out with Oliver
the other day...
He still feels like
home somehow.
Maybe there's a chance
you'll rekindle things?
I have missed him.
But if things were reversed
and he left me at the altar...
I don't know if I'd be able
to forgive him.
So...
I can't imagine how
he feels about me right now.
[dog barking in distance]
[birds chirping]
[knock on door]
[door opens]
Hi.
Hello.
I was just in the middle
of preparing canapes
for Julie's wake tonight.
Oh. that's very kind.
Is there something
I can do for you. Wren?
I'm. um. uh...
I'm collecting memories
of mom from her friends
that we can share
at the wake tonight.
I was hoping you had a memory.
What a nice idea.
Please. come in.
[suspenseful music]
It's very nice of you
to do all this.
You two must have been close.
We didn't know
each other very long.
but we became instant friends.
And you moved in here
about a year ago?
Yes. I was so excited
when I came back on the market.
I think we became
such fast friends
because Julie was feeling
really lonely at the time.
We met shortly after
your would-be wedding.
Glad you could be there for her.
Yes. well. someone had to be.
She was in a bad way.
I understand she. uh. brought
you into the plant shop.
Yes. she was looking for
a breath of fresh air
and I have experience in
marketing so it was a great fit.
Hmm. How was business going?
Hmm. we had our
growing pains at first.
but things were really starting
to pick up just before she...
So you really enjoyed
working together then?
Very much.
Would you like me to share
a memory from that time?
-For who?
-For the wake...
For the the memories
you're gathering.
Yes. please.
Once we were working
late waiting
on an order of rare
philodendrons--
[telephone ringing]
Would you please excuse me?
Of course.
[Mia] Hello.
Are you kidding me?
You're sure?
This is ridiculous.
She owned the building.
I'm her business partner.
[indistinct chatter]
[intense music]
[mellow music]
What are you doing up here?
[gasps] Dad.
What were you doing at Mia's?
Why are you running?
I just realized
I forgot my phone.
We were just going
through some things
for mom's wake tonight.
Oh!
How did my birth mother die?
Why-why are you asking about her
after all these years?
I guess. being in my old house
brought up some memories.
You were just a
little girl then.
You-you don't even have
memories from that time.
So tell me what happened.
-She died in an accident.
-What kind of accident?
It's your mother's wake tonight.
It's not the right time to be
picking at old wounds.
[water running]
-You all right?
-Yeah.
-Hey. would you do me a favor?
-Sure.
Those are the files
from mom's business.
Would you take
a look over them
and tell me what exactly is
happening with the money?
Is there anything
I should be looking out for?
Gina told me that
mom accused Mia
of stealing something from her
just before she died.
You want to see
if there's any proof of that.
I'll take a look and see...
[Kayla screams]
[intense music]
-Are you okay?
-What happened?
What is this?
-It's...
-Why would you draw this?
What did I say about making her
relive her trauma?
-I was trying to work through--
-I knew this was a bad idea.
I know what I'm doing. Brody!
Mom is not just some
twisted art project.
Just leave me alone.
Kayla...
[mellow music]
-Let me try to explain.
-I said. leave me alone!
You heard her.
She needs some space. From you.
[grunts]
[suspenseful music]
Come in.
[Wren] Thanks so much for
inviting me in. Mrs. Jenkins.
[Florence]
Please. call me Florence.
I wanted to ask you
about my next door neighbor Mia.
Her and my mother were
good friends. right?
That's what Mia wanted
people to think. yes.
I saw the jealous look
on Mia's face
when Julie's back was turned.
You notice a lot
if you just watch.
Mia said she was excited
when that house came back
on the market.
Do you know why she was
so eager to get it?
[Florence] The house belonged
to your grandparents.
When they died.
they left it to Sonya.
Mia was finally able to scrape
her pennies together
and bring it back
into the family.
Bring it back into...
Are you. are you saying
Mia and Sonya were related?
Your birth mother
and Mia were cousins.
Didn't you know that?
So Mia is my...
First cousin once removed.
-Did Julie know that?
-She must've. yes.
You knew my mother then.
Sonya. I mean.
I did.
She was a wonderful woman.
[instrumental music]
Do you know how she died?
I heard there was
some kind of an accident.
It was very tragic. She fell
and drowned in the bathtub.
[intense music]
Oh. I've upset you.
I'm sorry for being so direct.
No. no. please
don't worry about it.
Thank you so much for your time.
Oh. Julie came here too asking
about her just before she died.
-About Mia?
-No. about Sonya.
Thank you.
[doorbell dings]
This place looks amazing.
My mom would have loved it.
That's what I hoped!
I wish I could stay.
but it's my night to take care
of my gran. so...
Of course. I understand.
Thanks again.
Kayla...
She's a moody teenager.
She'll come around.
I hope so.
Thanks for coming.
I'm here to help.
I. uh. already set up
the bar over there.
And I stashed something here
just for you. if you need it.
Ah. look.
I got the coffee stains out.
-What?
-I found out how Sonya died.
I thought she had an accident.
She did. She... fell
and drowned in the bathtub.
-Just like my mom.
-That's a crazy coincidence.
Don't you think
it's a little suspicious?
It just doesn't
sit right with me.
There's something there.
All I see is
two horrible tragedies.
I've gotta ask my dad
what Mia's deal is.
Maybe right now
isn't the right time?
Mia and Sonya were cousins.
Mia was always desperate
to own that house.
She was friends
with Julie. and now
she's trying to take over
the shop.
I need to figure out
what Mia is cooking up--
Canapes. I already told you.
Oh. Hi.
Um. have you seen my dad yet?
He wasn't anywhere to be found
when I arrived.
Here. set up back there.
I'll go find Paul.
[Oliver] There you are.
I'm glad you're here.
There's nowhere I'd rather be.
The loyalty that you've shown
the business. and to me...
I'm so grateful that
you're part of the team.
So. you and Wren.
You seem to be on your way
to reconciling.
It certainly feels that way.
[Paul] So this opens
the question again
of who'll take over the firm
when I retire.
If you do end up
getting married after all...
the firm is yours.
I'll do everything
I can to make that happen.
I wanna keep the business
in the family.
You're the only one I can trust.
To becoming one of us.
I. uh. I should let you know.
Wren is starting
to ask questions.
Does she know anything?
Not yet. but she's determined
to ask you about Mia.
I-I convinced her that
tonight is not a good time.
If she keeps pushing...
give her one of these.
She'll be easier to deal with.
The bruschetta shouldn't be
hiding back here.
Go put it by the door.
Are you going to explain
what you were doing
upstairs in my house?
Oh. I was just looking
for the bathroom.
I don't like people sticking
their noses
where they don't belong.
If you have nothing to hide.
it shouldn't be a problem.
right?
What are you implying?
Nothing at all... yet.
Back off.
Or else what?
Or else you'll regret it.
[Wren] Have been thinking
about it
and Kayla's right.
we can't keep fighting.
Not today.
I was going through those papers
you gave me.
And? What'd you find?
Looks like Mia was siphoning
money into her personal account.
[gasps]
How much?
Enough to sink the business
in a couple more months.
She was bleeding them dry.
Julie would have figured it out
eventually.
If she hadn't already.
She raised you
since you were nine
but you never once called her...
[intense music]
Hey. Kayla. Wait!
I'm sorry.
Okay. Brody and I
were out of line.
Okay. I was out of line.
I just. I want to apologize
for not focusing
on what's important today.
Today's all about mom. and
I haven't been acting like it.
Fine. I forgive you.
Do you know how much time
dad and Mia have
been spending together?
-You're still doing it!
-Kayla--
Mom and dad may have been
fighting a lot.
-But they loved each other.
-I know that--
People who love each other.
don't abandon each other.
They don't leave people
at the altar
or run away across the country.
Look. I'm sorry I left--
And whatever you think
about dad.
he was there for us.
You weren't.
I'm going home.
I'll come with you.
I don't need a babysitter.
[glass clinking]
Thank you to everyone
for being here tonight.
Julie was an incredible person
and she touched the lives
of everyone in this room.
I thought it would be
a lovely idea
for us to share our favorite
memory of Julie.
Julie had a naturally
inquisitive spirit.
a quality that
she passed on in spades
to her adopted daughter Wren.
One day. Julie was wondering
where the moonlight
philodendrons
that we had been ordering
actually come from.
I think something is going on
with my dad and Mia.
What? [scoffs]
That's ridiculous.
I've gotta ask him about this.
Right now doesn't seem
appropriate.
Hey! You need to relax.
Come with me.
I've got just the thing.
I saw the two of them
holding hands earlier!
She's supporting her
dead best friend's husband.
It's more than that.
[suspenseful music]
Listen. um...
I can't tell you
not to ask him...
but it's your mom's wake.
Have a drink.
Try and relax... and you can
ask him about it tomorrow.
Fine.
Hm... it's actually really nice.
Thanks.
Yeah. I thought you could. uh.
use some wine.
[Paul] Thank you so much.
everyone
for sharing these
magnificent stories
of our beloved Julie.
She was the best thing
that's ever happened to me.
-Okay. that's it.
-Oh. don't do this. Hey. hey.
Come on. let's get you
freshened up.
She's the best thing that's ever
happened to you. huh?
[laughing]
You have a funny way
of showing it.
Wren!
Are you going to share
a memory of mom?
Or have those
been cremated. too?
It seems that
in my daughter's grief
that she drank too much.
Adopted daughter!
Okay. let's go.
Let's go.
I'm sure you can all appreciate
how difficult this is for us.
What's going on
with you and Mia. dad?
Don't be shy. Tell everyone.
-That's enough!
-At your mother's wake...
-How dare you imply--
-I wanna stay and reminisce!
[Oliver] We need to go.
[Wren] Stop it. I wanna stay.
She just needs to
sleep this off.
Thank you. son.
There you go.
[Oliver] Let's get you to home.
okay?
No. I. I don't wanna
go back there.
[sighs]
All right. come on.
Okay. come on.
Hey. hey. come on.
You're okay. you're okay.
Ah. there you go.
-Okay. hey.
-I feel so dizzy.
You've just have the spins.
There you go.
there you go.
Okay. okay.
[suspenseful music]
Wren.
Wren?
You will be mine again.
[intense music]
[groans]
[clattering]
[Oliver] Morning. sleepy head.
Your favorite hangover cure.
Aw!
And do I need it.
What happened last night?
Ah! You were pretty drunk...
Oh. no. What did I...
-Not good. huh?
-Mm-hmm.
Oh...
Maybe best if I don't know.
[sighs]
Thanks for taking care of me.
Of course.
I hope you got me out of there
before I really
embarrassed myself.
Ah. it was a close call.
Oh.
[laughing]
I'm really sorry. Oliver.
For everything.
I really did love you. you know.
I still love you.
I always have.
I always will.
[instrumental music]
That was just how I remember it.
I hope that's not a bad thing.
Not at all.
Eat up.
I'm gonna go shower.
Okay.
You want a coffee?
[Oliver] Pods are beside
the fridge.
I remember.
Mm.
[sighs]
[suspenseful music]
[Oliver] Hey. beautiful.
You went for dinner with a woman
named Francesca?
Ah!
[chuckles]
It was a. it was a first date
and a last date.
You don't have
to be bitter.
Although I do find your
jealous streak adorable.
And you were out with her
on Friday?
Well. that. we were supposed
to go out on Friday.
but I think we went out
on Thursday.
You're hiding something.
[chuckles]
What are you talking about?
You weren't out with my dad
the night my mom was murdered.
Where was my dad. Oliver?
Well. if you don't tell me.
I'm gonna ask him myself.
Okay.
Fine.
[sighs]
-He was with Mia.
-Mia?
Last night you swore up and down
that Mia is just a good friend.
I was trying to protect him.
Protect him? What about me?
Where are you going?
I'm going to see if the police
are interested
in my dad's whereabouts
the night of my mom's death.
I can't let you do that.
-Get out of the way. Oliver.
-You're not going to the police.
I was right to run out on you.
I've worked too long
and hard for this.
You're right.
You're right. I'm sorry.
It's okay. I was wrong.
I won't go.
I love you.
[Oliver groans]
[intense music]
I want to see what's going
on here. See you inside.
Morning. Oliver.
You missed family dinner
last weekend.
Hanging out with the ex?
Yes.
I'm sorry about that. cuz.
Ah. no worries.
I get it. I get it.
No judgment here.
We just sort of
had a disagreement.
What did you do to her?
I...
You can tell me.
What did you do?
-We...
-Ah!
I'm just kidding.
I'll let you know what she says.
Okay. take care.
Oh. I had a chat
with your boyfriend
in the parking lot
before I came in. Yeah.
I'm sure Oliver will have
some flowers waiting for you
when you get home.
[scoffs]
I'm not here about Oliver.
It's my father.
He wasn't out for dinner at all
the night my mother died.
he was... with his mistress.
Okay.
I've known Paul a long time.
He's a respected member
of this community.
Respected members
of the community can lie.
Even to the police.
Wren. we've been over this.
Your mother's death
was an accident.
-But I have new evidence.
-Evidence of what?
That y-your father
was having an affair?
Yes!
So if he was out
with his mistress
the night of your
mother's death.
he still has a solid alibi.
Something just doesn't
feel right about it.
If they were having an affair.
one of them would have wanted
my mother out of the picture.
You know. we don't reopen cases
on feelings. Ms. Williams.
But if you could just
question him. I think--
The case is closed.
What about the fact
that my biological mother.
Sonya Kenny. died exactly
the same way right next door?
And I told you that most people
die in their homes.
Ms. Williams.
What are the odds
that two people die--
I'm a very busy man.
It's time for you to go.
Detective. there is more
to this story.
There is nothing else.
Please. Ms. Williams.
[sighs]
-If you'd just listen--
-Nothing. let's go.
Hey. hey. maybe it's time
you went back to the city.
My family needs me here.
It doesn't seem like you
being here is helping anyone.
What're you doing here?
Oh. I'm sorry about
all this. Paul.
Ah. let's you and I grab that
game of golf next week. Okay?
-My treat. Yeah.
-Will do. thanks.
-Wren. hey. wait.
-I don't wanna talk to you.
Oliver called me and told me
you were going to the police.
You two are thick as thieves.
aren't you?
Slow down. will you? Just. just
come back to the house with me.
Where's Kayla?
Brody took her to Rachel's
for the night
so that you and I can talk.
I'm not going anywhere with you.
You stay away from me.
No. wait. I'm not the bad guy
you think I am.
You're hurting me.
I'm-I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
[clatters]
[intense music]
-Ahh!
-Uh! Wren!
I'm so sorry.
I didn't know you were here.
Oh. my God!
You scared me half to death!
Sorry. I'm just on edge.
Yeah. I'll say.
Is everything all right?
It's been a weird 24 hours.
I made a real fool of myself
last night.
What happened?
Oh. I got way too drunk
and ran my mouth.
Apparently.
I don't really remember much...
Oh!
Finding comfort
at the bottom of a bottle
during a time like this
is pretty normal.
You know what. I think
I only had one glass.
Are you eating enough lately?
Ah. I guess not.
I totally outed my dad's affair
with Mia in front of everyone.
I'm almost glad my mom wasn't
around to find out like that.
[sighs]
Uh... that reminds me.
I think you should see this.
I found this the other day.
So my mom knew too.
I guess that's what she meant
when she said Mia
stole something from her.
I was just gonna go to get
something to eat.
Care to join me?
Mm. Thanks.
I think I'm just gonna stay here
a little while longer.
[sighs]
[mellow music]
[sniffles]
[music continues]
[suspenseful music]
[car engine starts]
[dramatic music]
[Oliver] Hey! Come here!
Stop!
[gate opens]
[Oliver] Wren!
Just wanna talk.
Come on.
It's just your Oliver.
[twig snaps]
[Oliver] It's okay. Wren.
It's okay.
I'm not gonna hurt ya.
[dramatic music]
Get away from me. Oliver!
Can we just go back to
where we were this morning?
Before or after you drugged me?
Why did you do it?
I did it to protect you.
From what?
-The truth.
-You did it to control me.
You always have to
have your way.
It's always about
what's best for you.
You're crazy
if you believe that.
You know. that day
I ran out on our wedding...
I couldn't have even told you
why I was running.
I sat at some highway truck stop
in the middle of
nowhere for hours.
punishing myself with how
I might have just walked away
from a fairy tale life.
I can finally see it.
You are manipulative
and controlling.
and even though I didn't
notice it outright back then.
I could still feel you
suffocating me.
I would never
tried to control you.
No? You didn't manipulate me
and my family
into giving you everything
you needed from us?
My mother's affection.
my hand in marriage?
My father's business?
We could've been
so happy together.
You don't know what that is!
You don't build
a life of happiness
on deceit and duplicity.
An architect should understand
the importance
of a strong foundation.
Help! Help.
You're right. hey.
you're right.
I-I promise I'll be better.
I'll rebuild
that foundation. okay?
There's nothing I wanna
rebuild with you.
I love you. Wren.
please don't do this.
You stay away from me
and my family!
Why can't you listen to me?
-Ah!
-Oh!
Wren!
I'm not going anywhere. Wren!
I got your pathetic father
wrapped around my finger.
I am more a part of this family
than you'll ever be!
[groans]
Wren!
[knock on door]
How could you steal my dad
away like that?
Steal him away?
He pursued me. Relentlessly.
I'm surprised
you're so shocked by that.
-Given your father's history.
-What are you talking about?
He was having an affair
with Sonya before she died.
For years.
That's not possible.
I told Julie about
his affair with Sonya
so she'd finally leave Paul.
And you could swoop in.
He came over that night.
to ask me to marry him
after he'd finally broken
the news to Julie.
So you weren't together
the entire night.
And you were outside creeping
around when I got here.
I went out to buy a champagne.
Of course. we couldn't enjoy it.
There are holes in your alibi.
Everyone is calling
this an accident.
You know what I think?
I think Julie killed herself
out of grief
over having
a daughter like you.
Well. it seems to me that every
woman who gets in your way
ends up dead in a bathtub.
Homewrecker!
It takes two to have
an affair. sweetheart.
[Paul] Ah!
[Paul sniffles]
[Paul sobbing]
Headache?
Oh. Wren.
It's you!
Get off me!
How could you betray mom
like that?
I. I can't help.
I think that her. her
accident was my punishment.
If it was your punishment.
she wouldn't be the one
who is dead.
I'm-I'm sorry I wasn't there
to save her.
Please.
But don't-don't tell Kayla
about Mia.
She's been through enough.
It has nothing to do with
protecting yourself. does it?
Promise me that you.
you won't say anything.
-Let me go.
-I can't.
I can't let you go.
Not until you understand.
Fine.
Let's have a drink.
Yeah.
I-I'll clear everything up.
I-I promise.
I-I know exactly
how to fix this. I know.
I should fix this.
[indistinct]
-[glasses clink]
-Bottoms up.
Hey.
You recognize this?
[Paul] Oh! Sonya...
Sonya?
My Sonya.
You. you look like you did
the day we first met.
If you'd just understood that...
I-I couldn't just leave Julie.
Not after her father
gave me the firm.
What did you do. Paul?
You. you were so angry.
You slipped when you came
after me.
Hit your head on the tap.
There was blood everywhere.
And then what?
You slipped under the surface.
You looked so serene underwater.
I-I was gonna pull you out.
I swear.
But then I started thinking
how...
how peaceful everything
would get.
How could you be
so spineless?
Wren!
Oh. Wren.
Wren! I-I'm sorry!
Wren. please!
Everything I did...
was to give you
an easier life...
with us.
You stole me from my mother!
[door opens]
Brody!
-I have to go to the police.
-What happened?
Dad just confessed
to watching Sonya die.
And I think he killed mom. too.
Oh. come on.
Where is he?
He's passed out in his office.
I don't want go. No.
[intense music]
[indistinct chatter]
[Paul] No. you can't.
[Brody] It had to be done.
[Paul] Brody!
[Brody] Shh!
[Paul] No. no. I think she got--
[Brody] Calm down. dad.
[Paul] No.
[Brody] You know
I can handle this.
You killed mom?
And you almost caught me!
Few minutes earlier
and you might have saved her.
Let me go. Brody!
Why'd you have to come back?
Things were so much easier
without you.
Now everyone's gonna think
that the art therapist
couldn't handle her own trauma.
Brody. don't do this.
Wren knows too much now.
Just like Julie did.
Mia told Julie about
dad's affair with Sonya.
And then Julie figured out that
dad was involved in her death.
So you killed her.
Julie was gonna go
to the police and turn dad in.
After all these years.
she just couldn't let it go.
I never wanted Julie to die.
She was gonna ruin everything!
Your life would have been over.
Don't do this. Brody!
You don't need two lives
on your conscience.
Three. if you count
that weasel Oliver.
One more won't make
a difference.
[shudders]
I know you can't see it
right now. dad.
but she needs to die.
But. Brody. you can't kill her.
She's my biological daughter!
[Wren] What? Dad?
What're you talking about?
Sonya.
She wanted to keep you.
A-and since Julie
couldn't get pregnant.
I knew that you were my only
chance at a real child.
We don't use that word
in this family!
-[Wren] No!
-Oh!
But. Brody.
I did everything for him
and it was never enough.
I guess this explains
why you were his favorite.
Brody. [groans]
Oh...
[Brody] Wren!
[intense music]
[grunts]
No. Brody.
[panting]
Leave her alone. Brody!
Stay out of this.
This is between me and Wren.
-Oh. God!
-[grunts]
Kayla!
-I'm so sorry. Are you okay?
-Yeah.
-You?
-[panting]
[both sobbing]
[mellow music]
[indistinct chatter]
Paul!
What's going on?
What did you do?
Talk to me.
I'm good now.
Thank you.
[instrumental music]
Just give me a sec.
Thank you for
calling the police.
I told you. You notice a lot
if you just watch.
I'm so glad you're okay.
Thank you.
[door shuts]
[sighs]
[instrumental music]
Your studio's first session
tomorrow is fully booked!
Oh. nice.
How's it feel to be Greenville's
first art therapist?
I couldn't have done this
without you. Gina.
Anything for you. Wren.
I hope you'll stay on with me?
As my full-time
organizer extraordinaire?
Mm. let's see.
Of course. of course. I will!
[clears throat]
Welcome aboard.
Thank you.
Wren. it's up!
Come on! Come look!
Come on!
Ah. it looks perfect.
I think you're gonna be able to
help a lot of people.
There's a lot of people
in this world who need help.
Mom would have loved this.
How about we have
a painting session
before we officially open
for business?
Just you and me?
[chuckles]
[instrumental music]
[music continues]